c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\bin\Release\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\bin\Release\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\PA3WebRole.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\PA3WorkerRole.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\PA3WorkerRole.dll.config
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\PA3WorkerRole.pdb
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\Admin.asmx
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\packages.config
c:\users\tanner\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TannerPA3\TannerPA3\obj\Release\PA3WebRole\Web.config
